---
title: Welcome
sidebar_position: 1
slug: /
className: sidebar-overview
---

# Introduction to Reachu GraphQL

The Reachu GraphQL offers a powerful and flexible way to integrate native
ecommerce functionalities into applications and web platforms, eliminating the
need for an existing ecommerce infrastructure. This innovative SDK leverages the
power of GraphQL to provide developers with direct access to a vast network of
third-party products, enabling the addition of ecommerce capabilities directly
into their applications in a native manner.

With Reachu, you can effortlessly synchronize and access product data, manage
inventories, and handle the entire ecommerce flow—from adding products to a cart
to processing payments and checkouts—without the overhead of building and
maintaining a separate ecommerce system. This not only simplifies the
development process but also opens up new opportunities for applications and
platforms to engage in ecommerce by leveraging products from a wide range of
suppliers and partners. Whether you're building a new ecommerce platform or
scaling an existing marketplace, the Reachu GraphQL SDK empowers you to quickly
and seamlessly incorporate a wide range of ecommerce functionalities. Start
leveraging the power of GraphQL with Reachu to transform your ecommerce
applications today.

The Reachu GraphQL is designed to be flexible and scalable, supporting a variety
of ecommerce scenarios. Reachu provides the tools necessary to create a
seamless, integrated shopping experience. By enabling ecommerce natively, Reachu
empowers developers to innovate and explore new business models without the
complexity of dealing with ecommerce infrastructure.

import GuidesSection from '@site/src/components/GuidesSection';
import elements from './structure.json';

<GuidesSection className="two-cols" elements={elements} />
