---
title: Key concepts
sidebar_position: 1
slug: /key-concepts
className: sidebar-overview
---

## Key Concepts

This section explains some of the key concepts and vocabulary you will encounter
while implementing Reachu.

### Channel

A **channel** is the product, app, or surface on which you integrate ecommerce.
In this instance, the channel is GraphQL. We use channels to enable you to
implement ecommerce on several different surfaces using one Reachu user account.
This approach enhances flexibility and scalability, allowing for a broader
ecommerce strategy that can span multiple platforms.

### Suppliers

A **supplier** is a vendor or store that supplies products. One supplier can
have several products, ranging from general merchandise to specialized goods.
Suppliers play a crucial role in the ecommerce ecosystem, providing the
inventory that you can offer to your customers. By partnering with a diverse
range of suppliers, Reachu ensures you have access to a wide array of products
to meet the varying needs of your customer base.

### Products

**Products** are the items you have access to sell through Reachu. These can be
your own products or those sourced from any of the collaborating suppliers.
Reachu allows for seamless integration and management of these products,
ensuring they are accurately represented, priced, and stocked on your platform.
This concept is central to ecommerce, as it directly relates to what you are
offering to your customers.

### Checkout

**Checkout** lets a user purchase products and collect relevant information such
as contact information and shipping details. This step is crucial for converting
browsing into sales and is where payments are processed. Reachu's checkout
process is designed to be smooth and secure, ensuring a positive user experience
and trust in the transaction process.

### Cart

The **cart** is used to save products that the user intends to buy. It is an
essential component of the shopping experience, allowing customers to compile
and review their choices before proceeding to checkout. The cart's flexibility
and convenience play a significant role in influencing purchasing decisions and
improving the overall shopping experience.

### Test Products

In the **test environment**, you can access test products to evaluate the flow
and appearance of products on your platform. This feature is invaluable for
ensuring that everything works as expected and that the products are displayed
attractively and accurately, ultimately contributing to a more effective
ecommerce implementation.

### Payments

**Payments** functionality allows you to accept payments through your platform.
Reachu integrates with leading payment providers like Stripe and Klarna,
offering a wide range of payment options to accommodate the preferences of
different customers. This integration is key to facilitating smooth and secure
transactions, an essential aspect of ecommerce success.

Understanding these key concepts is crucial for leveraging Reachu's full
potential and successfully integrating ecommerce functionalities into your
platform.
