---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Overview

### Infrastructure

**Outshifter is the API for product data access**. Our infrastructure pulls
product data from different sources, standardizes it so it can be made available
in one universal format and easily distributed across multiple channels.

**Outshifter bi-directionally synchronizes and updates:**

- Product data

- Order information

- Customer information

- Fulfillment information

### User types

You can use Outshifter to give or get access to product data, and manage it all
in one universal format.

We distinguish between two key user types, determined by how Outshifter is
utilized:

- **Supplier** - Managing and sharing access to my product data with multiple
  Channels.

- **Channel** - Getting access to work with product data from multiple
  Suppliers.

You can also apply to become a **Partner** and build an Outshifter extension for
both companies' mutual benefit.

## APIs

Outshifter offers two different types of API solutions:

- **GraphQL APIs**

- **REST APIs**

:::info **BETA disclaimer**

Please note that you are accessing the BETA versions of Outshifter's APIs which
are in the process of being tested before their official release.

This being so, Outshifter does not give any warranties, whether express or
implied, as to the suitability or usability of the APIs, its services, or any of
its content. The sole purpose of the BETA versions is to conduct testing and
obtain feedback. Should you encounter any bugs, glitches, lack of functionality,
or other problems in the BETA versions, please email us at devs@outshifter.com
:::

### Channel APIs

The Channel APIs give developers full creative control to access and import
product data to their channels.

You'll find introductions to all features, as well as resources, guides, and
reference documentation for the APIs data structure. Outshifter also provides
SDK client libraries to make implementation swifter.

<div class="homepage-section two-cols">
  <div class="section-content">
    <a class="homepage-card1">
      <div class="card-content">
        <div class="title">GraphQL API</div>
      </div>
    </a>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="homepage-section two-cols">
  <div class="section-content">
    <a class="homepage-card1">
      <div class="card-content">
        <div class="title">REST API</div>
      </div>
    </a>
  </div>
</div>

### Supplier API

:::info The Supplier APIs are currently under development. Fill out this form to
be notified once they become available :::

### Partner API

:::info The Partner APIs are currently under development. Fill out this form to
be notified once they become available. :::

## Extensions

Outshifter provides a number of plug-and-play applications and integrations to
third party services. Making it possible for both Suppliers and Channels to get
started without needing development, or easily extend Outshifter to fit their
scope.

<div class="homepage-section two-cols">
  <div class="section-content">
    <a class="homepage-card1">
      <div class="card-content">
        <div class="title">Extensions</div>
      </div>
    </a>
  </div>
</div>

:::info Outshifter is continuously building new integrations. Can't find the
extension you're looking for? Please reach out to us. :::

### Extensions for Channels

**Storefronts**

Integrate with Outshifter and import products to your Storefront in minutes. Our
apps and integrations for Channels auto-updates product information, orders and
inventory in real-time.

<div class="homepage-section two-cols">
  <div class="section-content">
    <a class="homepage-card1">
      <div class="card-content">
        <div class="title">Shopify App</div>
        <div class="description">Extensions</div>
      </div>
    </a>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="homepage-section two-cols">
  <div class="section-content">
    <a class="homepage-card1">
      <div class="card-content">
        <div class="title">WooCommerce Plugin</div>
        <div class="description">Extensions</div>
      </div>
    </a>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="homepage-section two-cols">
  <div class="section-content">
    <a class="homepage-card1">
      <div class="card-content">
        <div class="title">WordPress Plugin</div>
        <div class="description">Extensions</div>
      </div>
    </a>
  </div>
</div>

## Extensions for Suppliers

**eCommerce systems**

Our Supplier extensions lets you connect your eCommerce system directly with
Outshifter. Thus enabling you to automatically export products to Outshifter and
give Channels access to your product data. Outshifter synchronizes all orders,
inventory and other product information in real-time.

<div class="homepage-section two-cols">
  <div class="section-content">
    <a class="homepage-card1">
      <div class="card-content">
        <div class="title">Magento Plugin</div>
        <div class="description">Extensions</div>
      </div>
    </a>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="homepage-section two-cols">
  <div class="section-content">
    <a class="homepage-card1">
      <div class="card-content">
        <div class="title">Shopify App</div>
        <div class="description">Extensions</div>
      </div>
    </a>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="homepage-section two-cols">
  <div class="section-content">
    <a class="homepage-card1">
      <div class="card-content">
        <div class="title">Squarespace App</div>
        <div class="description">Extensions</div>
      </div>
    </a>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="homepage-section two-cols">
  <div class="section-content">
    <a class="homepage-card1">
      <div class="card-content">
        <div class="title">WooCommerce Plugin</div>
        <div class="description">Extensions</div>
      </div>
    </a>
  </div>
</div>
