---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# Getting Started

Welcome to our step-by-step guide to the Reachu Universal Ecommerce Integration.
This comprehensive guide will provide you with all the information you need to
successfully connect your ecommerce system, no matter which one it is, to our
service. By following the clearly defined steps, you will be able to establish a
seamless link between your ecommerce platform and ours, enabling a consistent
and efficient exchange of data. From identifying your platform and setting up
authentication, to configuring your API wrapper and data mapping, right through
to data synchronization and integration implementation - each step is carefully
explained to ensure a smooth setup process. Let's get started on your
integration journey.

## Setup

### Step 1: Identify the E-commerce Platform

From the Reachu platform on settings -> ecommerce, you can connect your
ecommerce system by clicking on the `Connect your ecommerce` button on. This
will open a modal with the following fields: The first step involves identifying
the ecommerce platform in use. Predefined integrations for widely utilized
platforms such as Shopify, WooCommerce, or Magento are available. Detailed
documentation specific to these platforms can be accessed via the following
links:

- [ Shopify Integration Guide](https://support.reachu.io/en/articles/7546278-setting-up-reachu-with-shopify)
- [WooCommerce Integration Guide](https://support.reachu.io/en/articles/7546279-setting-up-reachu-with-woocommerce)
- [Magento Integration Guide](https://support.reachu.io/en/articles/7546280-setting-up-reachu-with-magento)

The scope of this document, however, is concentrated on integrations for custom
or unlisted ecommerce systems, which fall under the category of "Other".

The selection of "Custom" indicates the employment of a custom or non-predefined
ecommerce platform. This selection initiates an integration process that caters
specifically to the unique requirements of such platforms, thereby enabling a
more tailored and streamlined approach.

![screenshot-channel-add](/static/universal-ecommerce/step1.png)

Select custom if you are using a custom or non-predefined ecommerce platform and
click on the `Next` button.

### Step 2: Establish Authentication

The second step involves the setup of authentication. The authentication process
is unique to each ecommerce platform and is therefore dependent on the platform
in use. The following authentication methods are available:

- API Key
- OAuth
- Basic Auth
- Token Auth
- OAuth2 ![screenshot-channel-add](/static/universal-ecommerce/step2.png)

From the dropdown select the authentication method your system works with and
fill in the required fields and click on the `Next` button.

### Step 3: Configure API Wrapper

In this stage, we'll create an API wrapper to manage interactions between your
ecommerce system and our platform. To make this as smooth as possible, we'll
guide you through a simple setup process.

#### - API URL:

Enter the URL of your API endpoint. This will be the primary endpoint that we'll
interact with.

#### - HTTP Method:

Select the HTTP method (GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, etc.) that your API endpoint
uses for the function you want to perform.

![screenshot-channel-add](/static/universal-ecommerce/step3.png)

Once you've entered these details, click on the "Send" button. This will execute
the request with the authentication credentials that you provided in Step 2.

After the request has been made, we'll show you the response data we received,
as well as the HTTP response status code. This will give you an overview of what
data we can access from your ecommerce system, and it will help us ensure that
we're synchronizing the correct data with our service.

### Step 4: Map your Data

In this step, the goal is to create a consistent data structure between your
ecommerce system and our platform. To assist you, we will present a set of
standard fields (like "product", "price", "stock", etc.) which you need to map
to their counterparts in your system's data structure.

This is a visual task and you'll do it right in our interface. You'll see each
parameter from the response we received in the previous step. Your task is to
match, or 'map', these to our standard fields. For example, you might match
'product_title' from your system to 'title' in ours.

In addition to matching the names, you can also specify the type of data each
field should contain. This could be a string, integer, boolean, etc. The type
you choose should match the type of data that your ecommerce system uses for
that field.

![screenshot-channel-add](/static/universal-ecommerce/step4.png)

Once all data is successfully mapped, click on 'Next'.

It's crucial to note that this mapping process should be carried out for both
product and order data. The better the mapping, the smoother the data
synchronization will be between your ecommerce system and our servise.

### Step 5: Set Up Your Webhooks

At this point, we are focusing on setting up the means through which data
updates are transferred between your ecommerce system and our service. We
currently support webhooks, a real-time data delivery method that triggers an
update whenever a change occurs in your system.

:::info Please note that at this time, our primary method for data
synchronization is through webhooks. If your ecommerce system does not support
webhooks and you require polling instead, we encourage you to contact our
development team for further assistance. We understand the importance of
flexibility in integration methods and are here to support your needs. :::

The interface for setting up webhooks is similar to the API wrapper
configuration in Step 3. You'll be provided with fields to input the URL and
request type for your webhook. Importantly, we also require that you provide a
sample payload â€” an example of the data that your system expects to receive when
an update occurs. This sample payload allows us to understand the structure and
content of the data your system is designed to handle, ensuring we can format
our updates in a way that your system can effectively process.

![screenshot-channel-add](/static/universal-ecommerce/step5.png)

After inputting this information, please click 'Next'. Our system will use this
information to configure the webhook for data synchronization.

### Step 6: Test and reviews

With the configuration complete, it's now time to test the integration and
ensure that data is seamlessly syncing between your ecommerce system and our
platform.

On the test page, you will see a 'Start Test' button. Clicking this will
initiate a series of tests to verify the data mapping and synchronization
settings. During this process, our system will attempt to send a test payload to
your webhook URL, using the same format as the sample payload you provided.

The test results will be displayed in real-time, allowing you to monitor the
data exchange and check for any discrepancies or issues. If the test is
successful, you'll see a 'Success' message. If the test uncovers issues with the
data exchange, these will be clearly flagged for your attention.

![screenshot-channel-add](/static/universal-ecommerce/step6.png)

Congratulations! If you've followed all the steps and have successfully
completed the tests, your ecommerce system is now set up to integrate with our
platform. Your next step is to save the settings to secure your integration
configuration.

Now, you're ready to import your products. Navigate to the 'Products' section on
our platform, where you can start importing the products from your ecommerce
system to our platform. The world of seamless ecommerce integration is now at
your fingertips!

Remember, if you encounter any issues along the way, our support team is here to
help. Feel free to reach out to us at any point in the process. Welcome aboard,
and happy selling!
