---
sidebar_position: 1
slug: /
---

# Overview

The Reachu Universal Integration allows you to import products from your
ecommerce system and add them to the Reachu platform.

:::info It's important to note that this solution is in beta mode and may
require support from the Reachu development team. :::

It's based on Reachu's API and provides the ability to retrieve products and
collections from your Reachu account, add products to a cart, payments and
checkout. Reachu ensures that product data, stock, fulfillment, and shipping
information is synchronized with all of the Merchants ecommerce systems.

The following guide, documentation and tutorial is made to help you get started.
If you encounter difficulties, have other questions or feedback please reach out
to us at [support@reachu.io](support@reachu.io).

## These are the requirements to be able to integrate with Reachu:

### 1. Available Restful API

In order to integrate your system with our service, it should possess an
accessible Restful API (or a similar system). This API is integral for us to
access the required ecommerce data and synchronize it with our system.

### 2. Access to Essential Data

Integration requires access to essential data from the ecommerce platform. This
includes product information such as the name, description, price, SKU, images,
and stock levels. Access to order information data is also required.

### 3. Ability to Write Data

Our system not only needs to read data from your system, but it should also have
the capability to write data back to it. This ability is necessary for updating
inventory levels, marking an order as shipped, and other similar tasks.

### 4. Webhooks

For real-time synchronization, it is ideal if the ecommerce system supports
webhooks. This allows the ecommerce platform to send data to our system each
time a relevant event occurs, such as a stock change or product information
updates. In the absence of webhooks, our system should be able to perform
polling i.e., making regular requests to the API to check for any changes.

### 5. Authentication

your system should support authentication. This is necessary for our system to
access the data from the ecommerce platform. The authentication method can be
either OAuth or API keys.

import GuidesSection from '@site/src/components/GuidesSection';
import elements from './structure.json';

<GuidesSection className="two-cols" elements={elements} />
